1.  Confirmation of Curriculum Application

    First, let me explain what is there currently, and the reason that I
    made some of the decisions I have made.

    The navigation box, which is in the left hand column of the layout,
    will hold all of the major applications.  Currently, that list is
    Home, Curriculum, Assessment, Attendance, Student Portal, Help, and
    Logout.  Of course, only Curriculm has any functionality.  Click on
    Curriculum, and you will come to the curriculum home page.  On this
    page, there is a short summary and a couple of reports for quick
    access to some lesson plans.  The two reports that I have shown are
    Newest Lesson Plans and a count of lesson plans per level.  Those are
    only examples, I can add other quick reports here, or I can replace
    them.

    After you click on Curriculm in the main navigation box, there will be
    another box that give you options within the Curriculum Application.
    This box will remain the same through out the application.  Home will
    link to the summary and report page. The Lesson Plan link will allow
    you to start browsing the lesson plans.  And Search, which is not
    implemented yet, will allow you to search the lesson plans.

    When you click on the Lesson Plans link in the navigation box, then
    you will be able to click on one of the existing grade levels, or you
    will be able to add a new grade level.  After selecting a grade level,
    you will then be able to choose or add a subject, topic, and then a
    unit.  You understand what all those are.

    I chose to combine the update and browsing of information because it
    is too complicated.  Also, when we enable user authentication and
    authorization, then we can only allow some to see the "Add New
    Level...".  If you are not allow to update, then it will only look
    like you are browsing/viewing the information.

    Once you choose a lesson, you will go straight to the content of the
    lesson plan.  On the top, there are links to view the resources, which
    are urls, files or cd links.  From this screen, you are able to edit
    all parts of the lesson: lesson content, resources, and test banks.

    The test bank is a very simple design.  There is a textarea for the
    question and a textarea for the answer.

2.  New Features for this version.

    CD-ROM - This is mostly done, but I need to debug it some.

    Search - This will be a view elementary search.  It will search the
    contents of the lesson plans.

    Import - Upload new lesson plans

    Export - Save lesson plans.  You will be able to save from any point.
    i.e. save all lessons or save an entire level or subject.

    Mock ups for other applications

    Display test question in different format.  Test, Key, 

    Help

    others?

3.  other features not in this version.
    
    user management and authentication.

    others?

4. Layout and Aesthetics

   There used to be a banner on the application, but since I had to stay
   within a resolution of 800x600, I removed it.

   I am also thinking about removing the navigation column, and moving it
   to the top, where the banner would have been.  With that, a lot of the
   icons would be removed also.  I may experiment with it a little, and
   show you the results.

   Comments on the color, layout?

